[Core] Add and use `PyRetainingSharedPtr` (#523)
OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### Bug fixes

- Python objects that inherit from a C++ base class, and are held by a

>   C++ object as a C++ base class pointer, will no longer be garbage
>   collected prematurely.

Reviewer: [fix]
```suggestion
  C++ object as a C++ base class pointer, will no longer be deleted
  prematurely.
```

Author: Reworded in abc9de3d, though I went with "destroyed" rather than "deleted", if that's OK?
